In this lecture, I'm going to assign the task which I have created in the previous lecture to my cluster,
EC2-Linux cluster-demo.
So let me click on my this cluster.
And then click on the task.
And then click run new task.
Launch type, I'm going to use EC2 and task definition, this one nginx-web server,
-demo and this task I want it should be running for this cluster and number of tasks.
So here I have given 2 tasks.
So what does it mean?
It means 2 containers would be running on your EC2 instances.
So let me come back to my this PPT.
So what will happen?
One container would be running in one instance of the private subnet and one container would be running
in the another instance of the private subnet.
And here suppose I have given number 4.
So what will happen here?
So as I told you that we have chosen the simple bridge network mode and we have not defined the Dynamic
Bridge Network mode.
So it will only support 1 to 1 mapping.
But suppose we have 2 containers and both the containers are running on port number 80 as we have
given the port mapping.
If will remember in the last lecture we have given, the host port is 80 and the container port is also
80.
So in that case, 2 container would be running in each of my instances and both the containers is
running on port number 80 and it will try to map to the 80 port of the host.
So which is not possible with the bridge network.
For that you have to use the bridge network, but you have to use that dynamic.
I will discuss this in the later lectures.
So here suppose if you have given 4, so here suppose if you have given 4 you will start getting
errors.
So there are only 2 instances and hence first 2 containers will take away the 2 ports 80 on these
instances, the next 2 containers would not get the required port from the EC2 instance.
So I'm choosing 2 here and task group.
You can give any name, I'm giving this one and all default scroll down and run task.
So here you can see create a task successfully.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to log into both of my instances and I will show you the containers
running on the instances.